fix(docs): update circleci remote cache docs (#1345)
vercel/turborepo: docs/pages/docs/ci/circleci.mdx

![CircleCI Environment Variables](/images/docs/circleci-environment-variables.png)
![CircleCI Create Environment Variables](/images/docs/circleci-create-environment-variables.png)

3. Make a second secret called `TURBO_TEAM` and enter the value of your team's Vercel URL _without_ the `vercel.com/`. Your Team URL can be found inside your team's general project settings from the dashboard.

>    If you're on a Hobby, you can use your username. Your username can be found in your [Vercel Personal Account Settings](https://vercel.com/account)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you're using a Hobby Plan, you can use your username. Your username can be found in your [Vercel Personal Account Settings](https://vercel.com/account)
```

Or `in a Hobby Project`?
